Change ActiveLinkStyle to return the folder instead of link (#63)
CliMA/ClimaUtilities.jl: NEWS.md

ClimaUtilities.jl Release Notes
===============================

v0.1.8
------

> - `OutputPathGenerator` `ActiveLinkStyle` now returns the folder instead of the link. Links are still being created and managed. PR [#63](https://github.com/CliMA/ClimaUtilities.jl/pull/63)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `generate_output_path(..., ::ActiveLinkStyle)` now returns the folder instead of the link. Links are still being created and managed. PR [#63](https://github.com/CliMA/ClimaUtilities.jl/pull/63)
```
